Rainy boots  Drown instead of me
I’ll just play the sadness to the place where I can’t go
Rainy boots
I want to dance with all my heart to the sound that steps firmly on the bouncing words
The city with the scent of melancholy after the rain
Sunshine that pushes away the clouds
Looks sleepily at the tears that’s built up
The right passage after the rain
It’s wet and dangerous by your feet
Watch out so you don’t get stuck in the mud
Take the place of my favorite shoes
I’ll play your words for you
If you don’t want to get on the late bus
Jump on the rhythm of the tears built up bouncing up and down
Rainy boots  Drown instead of me
I’ll just play the sadness to the place where I can’t go
Rainy boots
The sound that steps firmly on the bouncing words rings and even my heart is invincible
Jump jump I can’t
The earth is being mean and is grabbing me
Step step a bit difficult
I quietly dance so I don’t fall in the rain
After the rain puddles fill the street
How deep can you sink?
So busy raining and then stopping
Some people are okay not wearing them
Be the savior of the rainy season
Watch, I’ll play with your words
A packed train is cloudy and out of control
Let’s jump on the rhythm of the tears built up bouncing up and down
Rainy boots  Drown instead of me
I’ll just play the sadness until I can’t see
Rainy boots
I want to dance with all my heart to the sound that steps firmly on the bouncing words
Jump jump I can’t
The street ahead is not looking good so leave it up to me, I’m used to it
Step step a bit difficult
In the rain I sing quietly so I don’t get dirty
Jump jump I can’t
The earth is being mean and is grabbing me
Step step a bit difficult
I quietly dance so I don’t fall over in the rain